---
title:  "(변수) 네이밍 사이트"
excerpt: "(variable) naming site"
categories: Journal
tag: [naming, site]
classes: wide
---

[curioustore](https://www.curioustore.com/#!/){: .btn .btn--info}

네이밍이 전혀 안될 때 사용하는 사이트<br>
최근에 성별 네이밍을 생각도 안 하고 sex로 해버려 틀딱 인증을 했다<br>
다음엔 꼭 gender로 하자..

sex도 틀린 건 아니지만,

<details>
<summary>what's the difference between sex and gender</summary>
<div markdown="1">

Sex and gender are two distinct concepts that are often used interchangeably but refer to different aspects of a person's identity.

Sex typically refers to the biological characteristics that define individuals as male or female. These characteristics include physical attributes such as reproductive organs, chromosomes, and hormones. The binary understanding of sex is often limited to male and female, but it's important to note that there are intersex individuals who may have a combination of both male and female biological characteristics.

On the other hand, gender refers to the socially constructed roles, behaviors, expressions, and identities that a given culture considers appropriate for men, women, and individuals of other gender identities. Gender is not strictly binary and can encompass a range of identities beyond just male and female. This includes gender identities such as non-binary, genderqueer, genderfluid, transgender, and more. Gender identity is a deeply held sense of being male, female, a blend of both, or neither, which may or may not correspond with the sex assigned at birth.

In summary, sex is primarily based on biological characteristics, whereas gender is a social and cultural construct that encompasses a broader spectrum of identities beyond the binary understanding of male and female.

</div>
</details>

라고 ChatGPT가 말해줬다. 참고하도록 하자...